Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Fuck.
My god.
Yeah. and I know I don't
need it. but I figure. like.
a little Botox and
laser doesn't hurt.
Like. everyone says to
start early. and. you know. it…
It's pretty cool that Lindsay and Ava
included me on the girls' trip. right?
Yeah. totally.
And if I get in good
with them now.
I'm sure they can help us
down the line with something.
They have the best connections
for. like. literally everything.
No. they've already
seen me wear that.
Don't forget to pack your
straightener. It gets humid.
Can you grab it for me?
And pack my
toiletries. too. please?
Yep. on it.
I'll pack the
wrinkle release too.
Are you sure you
don't wanna come?
There are still seats
left on the flight.
and we're making enough
money off the commissions.
Babe. you know I really want to.
but the entire wellness
center is my responsibility.
and it's popping
off like crazy lately.
No. I know.
It just doesn't feel right visiting
Korea for the first time without you.
I know.
We'll go together soon.
Not if we have a baby.
I mean. by the time I come
back. we might be parents.
Can you believe it?
I can't. It's so cool.
Always have your phone on. okay?
'Cause I'll call right
away if Dr. Aliabadi calls
with the embryo results.
Yep. phone on. definitely.
Okay.
I'm gonna miss you.
Can I have another
one where I feel the love?
Yeah. Sorry.
- There it is.
- I felt that one.
Okay.
I love you.
Love you too.
I'll see you soon.
- I'll call you when I get to the airport.
- Okay.
- Have a great trip. okay?
I miss you already.
Miss you. Bye.
- Austin.
- Hi. mom.
Did you do it?
Yeah. no. I couldn't do it.
Hey.
I had Meredith and Paul
update the divorce terms.
Okay. well.
my lawyer hasn't
mentioned anything. so…
I went ahead and signed
my contract extension.
And I want you to have
half of the earnings.
And Meredith and
Paul just agreed to that?
Not really. No.
Meredith's pretty mad.
but it's. you know…
It's the right thing to do.
You were a big part of everything
that happened at the club.
Well…
Well. I
appreciate you saying that.
Yeah. so just… if
you page through it.
you'll also see that. I agreed to
all the terms that you asked for.
Okay. …
Are you. like.
dying or something?
No. No.
I know it's weird.
But.
I just…
Just
look through it. sign
it when you can. then.
you know.
we'll be all… all done
with it.
Yeah.
I'll take a look at it
and sign it before I go.
Don't forget your night guard.
- Yes!
- Yeah.
She should not be
seated so close to the front.
She is woosh's grandmother.
She cries very loudly.
It will ruin the funeral.
Chairwoman...
Your driver is ready to
take you to your private jet.
- Go take care of the suitcases.
- Yes.
Eunice. you're good. right?
Yes. I am well...
Is everything set for the
trochos vip trip to Korea?
Yes. I'll be meeting
them at the airport.
Make sure it goes smoothly. I
don't want anyone backing out.
Yes. understood.
Let's go.
Get some sleep on
the plane. You look ill.
Yes. chairwoman. Safe travels.
Okay.
You need to leave right now.
She killed your boss's dog.
Who's she gonna kill next?
Mom. the coyote killed the dog.
We don't know if she
had anything to do with it.
Do not blame the coyote.
Coyote is a coyote.
Ashley is a Ashley.
Do you understand?
I don't know. Are you sure
I should break up with her?
You know. we have so
many good things going for us.
And I'm doing so
well at the club.
What does that have
to do with Ashley?
You will continue to
do well without her.
I don't know. She can say
bad stuff about me at work.
You know?
It's not easy throwing
everything. like. away. okay. mom?
And. like. we've been
together for almost two years.
If you had a baby. then
you'd really be stuck.
I doubt it. The ivf isn't
even going well. you know?
They haven't even
retrieved that many eggs.
Austin. you are so
afraid to upset people.
It is my fault. I hit you
when you were little.
I'm very sorry.
But if you don't leave now.
neither you nor her will ever leave.
Charger. license. gum. socks…
Austin!
Hey. Eunice.
What are you doing here?
I'm so sorry to bother.
Is… now a bad time?
No. now's a great
time. What's up?
Hey. Hey. it's… hey. hey. hey.
It's okay. It's okay. It's okay.
Everything's gonna be okay.
What's… what's going on?
It's the chairwoman.
She's been covering
up a death at the clinic.
What? Someone died?
A couple months ago.
Her husband's been
operating with a hand tremor.
A patient died during surgery.
They've been bribing people with
money going out from the club. and.
I think maybe woosh caught on.
- Wait. what?
- That's why he was killed.
I thought that was.
like. a drunk hit-and-run.
They never caught the driver.
They're closing the investigation.
What?
What the fuck?
I know this sounds crazy.
Yeah. it does.
- I'm sorry. I shouldn't have come.
- No. no. I'm… I'm glad you came. I just…
I need a second to catch up.
Wow. Okay. I guess…
Do you… do you have proof?
There's evidence on here.
I took it while it was unlocked.
You can make it
so it doesn't lock?
Yeah. it's under
display and brightness.
I put it in airplane mode
so she can't erase it.
What's "raise to wake"?
My god. this is her.
What do I do?
Let's go to the police
now. I'll drive you...
you don't understand. She
can access anyone she wants.
Hello?
Eunice. I can't seem
to find my phone.
Yes. chairwoman. I have it.
You forgot it on the table.
I'm...
bringing it with me. I'll
have it for you in Korea.
Thank you. What would
I do without you. eunice?
Thank you. chairwoman.
I thought you took off already?
I did. I'm calling
from the plane.
How far are you
from the airport?
Sorry. chairwoman. it's Austin.
Austin?
Eunice is helping me before
the flight. We're at my place.
You are coming to Korea too?
Yes. absolutely.
Very fun. I will see
you both in Seoul.
Have a good flight.
Yes!
I'm sorry. I shouldn't
have got you involved.
- You really don't have to come.
- No.
I wanna come.
I feel like she knows.
Well…
What if i…
What if I back up
the phone to a laptop?
And then we can still give
her the phone when we land.
And.
I can give the backup
to the. korean authorities
or the FBI. whoever
we can trust.
and she'll have
no idea it was you.
Yeah.
Thank you so much.
I'm so glad I came here.
Of course.
I'm here for you.
I used to be able to
erase it remotely...
but it's not working now.
Do you think she can be trusted?
I'm not sure.
There is more risk now.
Execute the plan we discussed.
Okay. then I'll
send him to Josh.
- Hey. Finn.
- Hey.
Hey. sorry for the delay.
Maintenance will be up in
about ten to adjust the pod.
Damn. that took forever.
Not very mvp.
Sorry. I was looking everywhere
for my keys. Couldn't find them.
Hey. finneas.
You know Josh is single now.
- All right. Troy.
- Dude.
- About time.
- What? What do you mean?
Man. Billie hated it when
you brought Lindsay around.
Really? I didn't know that.
Even when she said something
nice. it always felt like a diss.
Yeah.
Well. it's also kind of just
her sense of humor. you know.
It's kind of charming
once you get to know her.
There was this one
time we were eating...
trying to get him back
out there again. Finn.
I even got him
hooked up at raya.
but Josh is being a
little pussy about it.
No. I just need a little
time for myself right now.
Fuck that. man. I met
Claudia right after a breakup.
Me too. I met Ava after
my first marriage ended.
Yeah.
Well. no. I think. for me.
it's just a little too soon.
Too soon?
I got my vasectomy too soon.
Wait. I actually know.
like. the perfect girl for you.
- I'm not...
- no. she played bass on our last tour.
She lives in Santa
Barbara. She's divorced.
You'd get along
with her. She's latina.
Maybe we circle back in a
year. and. you know… and…
What's her name?
Jamie.
- She's cute.
- Yeah.
- Hey. linds.
How much are these?
They're free.
Wow.
This too?
Yes. Everything
in your seat is free.
So fancy.
I know.
- Hey. Lindsay.
- Yes. my love?
How is this a phone?
You swipe your credit card
down the side. but it's not worth it.
It's. like. $12 a minute.
I just needed two
minutes of your time. God.
Ava. babe. you know I'm gonna
hang up when we start fighting.
I'm not fighting. I just hate
flying without my lucky bracelet.
I can't find it anywhere.
You just got to chill out.
Pop on a movie or
something. a podcast. okay?
- Thank you so much.
- You'll be fine.
Hey. look. finneas and I are about
to do a steam sesh. okay? I gotta go.
Okay. love you.
You want to borrow my bracelet?
That's so sweet.
but I'll be fine.
I'll just double up
on my sleepy pills.
It's kind of messed up that he couldn't
even make the time to talk to you.
Yeah. I'm used to
it. He's really busy.
Has he always been like that?
I mean. not in the beginning.
Back then. he would cancel a
whole work trip just to tuck me in.
But once they get
you… right. linds?
100%.
They only try when they absolutely
need to or when it's too late.
Yep. Anyone want three Xanax?
- No. I'm good.
- I'm okay.
Sorry. Excuse me. Sorry.
Excuse me.
Hey. babe.
My god.
- What are you doing here?
- I just missed you too much.
I got a coach seat. but
eunice is gonna sit in mine
so I can sit next to you.
That's really nice of her.
I'm so glad you came.
- Hi.
Ooh! You see
these? These are free.
- Look at this.
- Wow.
Yes. we're about to depart.
Yes. I will send a full
report as soon as we land.
I know. I know. I'll
keep an eye on it.
Can I help you?
Sorry.
I didn't mean to stare.
You are so beautiful.
I couldn't help myself.
I'm married.
Hot towel?
No. Thank you.
My god. Can you believe it?
Can you believe
we're traveling like this?
For sure.
This is a once-in-a-lifetime
opportunity.
- I know. right?
- Yeah.
Honestly.
it meant so much that
you decided to come.
Just
promise that we'll never lose
sight of what's really important.
Promise.
Miss. as requested.
Here's one of everything.
Ooh!
Chocolate mousse. crème brûlée.
korean sweet rice punch. and a fruit tart.
Thank you so much.
I think I asked for a
chocolate chip cookie though.
My apologies.
I'll be right back.
Thank you. I'd appreciate that.
Ooh. can you
make sure it's soft?
Absolutely.
I'll be right back
with your soft cookie.
Thank you.
- It's just not worth it if it's hard.
- No. I know.
- Do you want to order some?
- Nah. I'm good.
Ooh. fun. They have
aftersun. You wanna watch?
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
The bathrooms are ocupado.
I'm gonna go to the ones in
coach. but when I get back.
we're gonna get our mescal on.
- Okay.
- Okay?
- I'll miss you.
- All right. Be right back. Love you.
Love you.
- Wow. that looks amazing. Thank you.
- It's beautiful. Thank you.
It's a nice place.
Yeah. it's great.
I know the owner.
Cool.
Yeah. such a… such a great guy.
He's the best.
- Yeah. that's good. Good.
- Really good guy.
Yeah. every time I pass by this place.
I'm like. "I need to try that place."
So… -yeah?
- This is good.
- Good. Yeah. good.
- How's the gazpacho?
- It's good.
Okay.
We have to stop saying good.
Sorry.
Sorry. I…
I haven't been on a
date in. like. 15 years.
I don't know why I ordered
gazpacho. I don't even like it.
Is everything okay?
Yeah.
Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm. like…
I'm really falling apart here.
- No. hey.
- Sorry.
Hey. look. I've been divorced for
a year. I've gone on a lot of dates.
It's totally normal
to be nervous.
Okay. I'll just
keep drinking this.
So. how… how is
the divorce going?
Great. Actually.
it's really great.
Yeah? Like. you two…
you two are good?
Yeah. She needs to sign
the papers. but we're on the…
On the same page
with everything.
and… she's my best friend.
so I think that's what we
were always meant to be.
is friends. and we'll
be friends forever.
Forever and ever.
- That's great.
- Yeah.
You're in a way better spot
than I was two months in.
I mean. usually there's
months and months. if not years.
of on-again. off-again.
make-up sex. drama.
The fact that you
two are friends.
that's great.
Yeah. we're ready
to move on. so…
You're using. Lewis.
Lewis. and young. right?
Wow. Troy and finneas
really gave you the scoop?
Gave you all the details.
Well. like I said. I've been.
you know. doing this for years.
so I'm not gonna date anyone
unless they check all the boxes.
And I check all the boxes?
Yes.
So far.
Okay.
- Lindsay.
- Yeah?
He's into you.
No.
No!
No. no.
- I'm gonna…
-Jesus fucking…
- sorry. Excuse me.
-Yeah?
Could you sit in my seat?
What?
I need to go check on my fiancé.
and. I want my seat to stay warm.
Okay.
Thank you so much.
This is my friend.
She's single and talented
and down to clown. Okay? Bye.
Wow. she should've
started with that.
Hi. my name's Brandon.
Hi. I'm Megan.
I had to stop halfway. Can
you back it up onto your laptop?
I don't know. I mean. Ashley
might find that a little weird.
- I don't even know what I'd tell her.
- Can't you just be honest with her?
I think it might be
better if you back it up.
I'm pretty sure
I'm being watched.
I bet the chairwoman
has someone following me.
But how could she even get
someone on the plane that fast?
You don't know her.
This woman… buys elections.
Influences global policy.
She's capable of anything.
Well.
if I may say this.
if park sent someone. they
would've grabbed the phone by now.
We're gonna be fine.
Just finish backing it up.
put it on a USB. and I'll take it straight
to the police when we land. okay?
Okay.
Yeah. no. you're right.
Thank you.
I don't know what
I'd do without you.
What the fuck?
Ash! Wait. wait!
Sorry for the detour.
I lost my keys. and the
spare's back over here.
- You're just trying to show off the place.
- I swear to god. I'm not.
- It's beautiful.
- But is it working?
It's amazing.
Fuck.
- Burberry!
- Is everything okay?
Berry!
Come on. buddy!
What?
- Is that who you're...
- yeah. there he is.
- He's so cute.
- My god. Hey. bubba. Thank god.
Sorry.
My last dog got out.
and a coyote killed him.
- My god. I'm so sorry.
- Yeah.
Thank you.
The shelter thought they'd found him.
but it turned out it was this little guy.
And you still adopted him.
Yeah. well. you know. I
couldn't just leave him there.
So. you… you want a drink?
I'll fucking kill you.
you stupid bitch.
- How long? Tell me how long!
- Ashley. stop!
- I swear it's not how it looks.
- "Don't know what I'd do without you"?
Hey. hey. hey! Eunice
genuinely needs my help. okay?
Chairwoman park
is killing people.
She's killing people?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- Come here. you glass-faced whore!
- Hey!
If you would just
let us explain.
I have the chairwoman's
phone. It has very sensitive info...
you two talking korean on
this? Little secret language?
Is there a problem here?
There's a big problem.
Please remove this
woman from the plane.
Return to your seats right
now or I will alert the captain.
Alert him we got a two-timing
bastard and a home-wrecking ho!
Can I talk to you in private?
Into the bathroom upstairs.
I remodeled it with my
childhood home in mind.
so there's a lot of this kind of
crushed mohair that is to die for.
Yeah. so it's nice. Yeah.
I moved out to the countryside.
but I kept my loft in the city.
Wow. that sounds perfect.
Yeah. it's perfect.
How are you single?
It's by choice.
I never wanted to be
dependent on a man.
Hey. I get that. but. I mean.
you still got needs. right?
Yeah. Yeah.
I don't know what your schedule is like.
but maybe we can get together sometime.
Have you seen my friend? Short.
cute. but you want to scold her?
- They're in the restroom up there.
- I must've missed them.
You're British?
Yeah.
You're a fucking liar.
I'm the liar? You're the
one who's always lying.
I haven't lied once in
our entire relationship.
Ashley. you killed their dog.
What are you talking about?
Josh's neighbor has a
video of our car driving by
the day their dog went missing.
I… I know it was you.
It was an accident. okay? I… I
didn't mean to leave their door open.
I just wanted to
mess with their house.
It's nice getting back
out there as an adult?
You enjoy each other's
company. exchange bodily fluids.
and then you part ways
with zero expectations.
I mean. it was the healthiest
interaction I've ever had in my life.
Yeah. you're ready
for the next chapter.
It's all about
differentiation. brother.
What's that?
Man. differentiation therapy?
I wish I would've known
about it when I was younger.
It would've saved
me a world of trouble.
I'm telling you. everyone
gets married too early.
when their prefrontal
cortexes are still undercooked.
Like in most couples. one
person chases this way.
then the other goes that way.
So then the person does
this. and then they do that.
which makes them go this
way. and then they go that way.
So the other person does this.
but it's all about being like this.
Yeah. I don't know
what you're talking about.
You facetiming me?
Yeah. yeah. pick up. Pick up.
- Hey.
- Hey. how you doing?
All right. listen. listen.
This is you. this
is her. all right?
Okay.
So then one person
becomes anxiously attached.
and you become avoidant.
So what do you do?
You lash out. but it's all
about being here and here.
This is me. this is Ava.
secure in ourselves no matter
what the other person is doing.
Okay. so this. right?
But. like. when do
the hands do… this?
I don't fucking know.
Listen. somebody told
me about the hands thing.
I… I don't go to
therapy. I golf.
Okay.
But listen. Hey. I'm really
happy for you. I really am.
You gotta sign up for this raya
thing 'cause you're ready for this.
You're ready. You're looking
good. You're ready right now.
You know what else I'm ready
for? I'm ready for that bev cart girl
to keep bending over every
time she drops a bottle cap.
Hey. you've reached
Joshua martín at mvp.
Leave a message. and I'll
get back to you asap. I got you.
Josh. you literally
never turn your phone off.
Why is your phone off?
Call me back. This is urgent.
Fuck's sake.
My deepest sadness is knowing
that when I take my last breath.
there will be no one by my side.
What the fuck?
I'll tell you what.
I'll have a Chinese chicken
salad and a large vanilla cone.
Okay. Go back to sleep. Ava.
My god!
You're awake. This
turbulence has been crazy.
Look. Can you
switch seats with me?
I can't sit next to Austin
when he comes back.
- Yeah. Of course.
- Thank you.
Can you believe
there's no Wi-Fi here?
It's fucking business class.
What are we even paying for?
What's wrong?
Tell me everything.
There's no Wi-Fi
is what's wrong.
The second we get off this flight.
I'll run this through Google translate.
and if this isn't the
chairwoman's phone.
I'm gonna throw Austin
and eunice into North Korea.
Is he cheating on you?
I'll never know until I figure
out what's on this phone.
You've gotta give
the phone to me.
Give it to me. Come on. Come on.
I'll take it. and you just
think happy thoughts.
And I'm gonna go and
get you a drink. okay?
- Okay. thank you.
- Okay.
Can I have a Shirley
temple. virgin?
Yes. of course.
But only if it's sprite.
If not. apple juice.
You got it.
I don't know what to do.
I can't even look
at her anymore.
Who knows what else
she's lying about. you know?
Sorry. Sorry about that.
I really do empathize
with all of it.
but you can't stay down
here the rest of the flight.
Go make things right with Ashley.
We need to get the phone back.
Look. between you and me.
when you saw me earlier. I was
actually planning on leaving Ashley.
I don't think she and I
are meant to be together.
I don't know
what to say to that.
Austin.
I love you.
You don't even know me.
I know that there's
something there.
I know you make me feel
like the best version of me.
You feel that too. right?
We can't talk about this
until you've broken up.
Sir. I'm not gonna say it again.
You must return to your seat.
Yeah. I'm on my way.
- We need to get the phone back.
- Yes.
The chairwoman
cannot suspect anything.
Right. right.
We can talk about
all this stuff later.
- You gotta focus.
- Thank you.
I love you.
I can't say it back.
But you know how I feel.
- Let's go get the phone.
- Yeah.
Jesus fucking Christ.
Fucking hell.
My god.
Fucking Christ.
No. you poor little
sausage. it feels awful.
but he is a complete and utter tosspot.
and I've always thought that about him.
Now. we're landing soon.
so you better drink up.
God. I needed this.
Ashley! Ash. ash. ash. ash!
We need the phone.
- Not until we land.
- Please.
This is bigger than all of us.
Sorry. guys. Just give
her a bit of space. okay?
Bottoms up. ash.
She can do what she
wants. Just give us the phone.
It's us now?
Ashley. where is the phone?
She doesn't even have the phone. okay?
Can you just give her a moment of peace?
- Down the hatch. ash. Go on.
- Lindsay. Lindsay!
The chairwoman has been
covering up a death at trochos. okay?
I have to back up the phone for
evidence and personally hand it to her.
or else we're all in danger.
especially your husband.
I'm sorry. What the fuck
are you talking about?
- Just hand me the phone.
- I don't have the phone! I flushed it.
Why do that?
'Cause I know you killed
burberry. you evil cunt.
My goodness.
what a great flight.
Fuck.
Yeah.
Fun.
Jesus Christ.
Wow.
Oof!
For… shit.
Fuck it.
What the fuck?
My god. I love Korea.
I can't believe they had
greeters waiting for us.
I don't think they're greeters.
Sorry. do you speak English?
Please act normal.
Everything will be okay.
Aw. you're so sweet.
Hello.
- Hey.
- Annyeonghaseyo.
Hi!
Good evening. everyone.
Welcome to Korea.
So exciting.
Your drivers are waiting
for you just outside.
You have the
chairwoman's phone. yes?
I left it in Montecito.
If you don't mind. the men will do
a pat-down for security purposes.
All right. excuse me.
God. I love how
safe they are here.
Yep.
Circles running round
come back for more
somebody needs a
little more everyday
somebody needs a little give.
I'm gonna line it up.
get on the way… hey.
Alexis?
Hey. wait a minute…
Hello?
Got my bags packed
waiting on the driver curve
so just a minute take a
minute for the change-up…
I'm all you're waiting for.
Somebody's
looking for a situation
somebody's working on the score
if I never got the invitation
would I ever see the exit door?
Somebody needs a
little more everyday
somebody needs a little give.
I'm gonna line it
up. get on the way
and take it there again
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today